Arion is a Spaced Repetition System (SRS).
SRS is a method to retain information over long periods of time.
First, the user adds flashcards to a deck,
    with a prompt on the front and the information they wish to remember on the back.
The flashcard is assigned two additional fields: review date, the date at which the user needs to 
    review the card again, and review interval, which is the length of time until the card is reviewed.
The review interval is initially 1 day, and the review date is initially today.
After the user has built their deck, the use the Study function to learn the information.
For each flashcard, the user is prompted with the front.
They attempt to recall the back, then they flip.
If correct, the review interval is multiplied by 1.6, and the review date is adjusted to be in that many days.
If incorrect, the review interval is reset to 1, and the review date is set to today.
Every, the user studies the due flashcards, slowly building their memory over time.


Arion is meant for learners who want to retain information for long periods of time,
    such as years, or even their entire lifetime.
This is an especially common problem in language learning;
    the spelling of words often has little connection to their meaning and pronunciation,
    and the information must be remembered for as long as the language will be spoken by the learner, likely their lifetime.
By using spaced repetition in tandem with immersion, the meaning, spelling,
    and pronunciation of words can be memorized for such a period of time.
Additionally, spaced repetition can be used for entering a new profession; for instance,
    medicine requires tremendous amounts of study, and the information is crucially important to remember.
Thus, an SRS it a useful tool to learn such information.


Arion was built to be small and simple.
It has minimal features and a simple GUI, allowing users of varying technical proficiency to use it.
It runs on any system that supports Java, such as Windows, macOS, and Linux.
It is written in Java to allow for portability to any operation system that supports Java.
Since Java is so widely adopted, this includes all major and many minor systems, including Windows, MacOS, and Linux.
